Maybe he should pay some taxes
If I lost $10 billion in 1 year, I’d have negative $10 billion
And he’s cutting back his employees hours so he doesn’t have to pay their healthcare. This is why everybody hates him
Congratulations ?
Separated at birth? 10 billion dollars..
He also still looks like he appeared after someone rubbed a magic lamp.
Cnn is the reason for all the hate in the world. 💯
Pure gluttony...
Good make Amazon pay taxes
Damn I thought I caught him
He dropped healthcare to his part time employees, and plans to replace full time employees with 2 part time employees. Let that sink in. Who cares what HE lost.
And he could donate a ton of that money to places in need. A million doesn’t cut it. That’s not even making a dent.
Congratssss mr. Bezos 😎
Where was the last place he remembers having it?
Well does that matter as long as he is happy.
Thought he would need a side gig like driving for Uber or Lyft to make it up.
Good for,him, but I hope he remembers he who is first will be last and he who is last gets a crown 😉
Poor guy’s having to cut back, no wonder why he can’t pay taxes.
Some are born with luck in life...
Divorces are expensive!
If he stopped eating avocado toast and wasting money on cell phones maybe he’d have more.
And the children of Flint Michigan still don't have clean water.Happy New Year
Did he look behind the sofa?
At least he could do is pay higher wages to his employees. The trickle down theory doesn't work unless the large corporations pay more to it's employees. They can afford it.
Must be nice. Most of us can't even imagine.
If I can find his $10 billion, can I keep it?
CNN video caused the embassy to be attacked. Zucker should be arrested
this is insanity
He also holds the record for the wealthiest guy caught sending nude images of himself.
Sounds like his problem not mine
He always choose the right decisions. #nice 😀
Imagine being able to lose $10 billion in one year.
What's the secret.
That is such a healthy state of affairs.
Yeah... ain’t life grand😐
Oh I wish I could find it!!
Must be rough...
Who gained the $10 billion??
That’s why Trump is so jealous of him!
Debe crear otra fundacion para que no se escape tanto capital
I went to school with that guy and I'm broke as hell 🤷
If that ain’t first world problems, then I don’t know what is.
Keep creating jobs.
Reminds me of Citizen Kane when he says at that rate I’ll be broke in 50 years... Hashtag @Google It Rosebud #NewYearsDay
jeff is packing his lunch, no ubereats or doordash
 pls. donate some funds to the Dems. We are @ adisadvantage. We have 2run against foreign countries & the Repubs/Trp party.  Even if those foreign countries are right about BUSA & Dems being weak, we need balance.  No one sld have absolute power.
He didn’t actually lose $10 billion.  Valuation and actually losing 10billion in cash are very different.
The really amazing part is staying so rich after a divorce ......That is the real headline
Well, we all lost $10 billion last year so lowering tide and all that.
I bet there are people that think he's got that in his checking account..
Great.....I hope he pays his employees well and provides medical, dental and vision benefits.
All that money and he can’t grow hair🤣🤣🤣
Did he look in the couch?  I’ve lost money there before.
What about the $35+ billion he had to give MacKenzie
If I lost $10 billion in one year I’d have...-$10 billion
Monopoly!  Break it up!
Good, he can now pay taxes. Right?
The Image on the main landing page have me considering if Jeff Bezzi has an Illuminati eye implanted.
GOD WHEN ?
he should pay his employees more
Eat the rich
My question is if he lost it, who got it?
Jeff I need just 100k
He is a good example of a self involved and ungracious person.
yes true.
Ah ok. Anyways so who’s hungry ?
Only in America you can lose 10 billion$$ and still be the richest person in the world.
Well to each their own
Well if he wants to help make me the richest person in my town I'll happily accept a few million
Good for him.
Gud
Hundreds of Billions!!
Is this just plain wrong or should risks be rewarded in perpetuity? 
Damn wish he lost it in my kitchen or something
How does he loose 10 billion in this economy. Someone f’d up.
Now that's a flex
Well that $10 Billion in other peoples pockets, we should not forget this person.... and his ilk, are "futurists," and that means:-transhumanism -technocracy -mind control -population control ...that they believe they are better than the rest of human kind. No humaninity.
My project would need 3500.000 of his money to help with helping the less fortunate in many discipline even if it was a grant  the form of a loan oh my word.
But yet,  republicans try to tell us that amazon needs tax cuts to build new facilities 🤔
In other words, he can easily pay a wealth tax and not be fazed.
That means Jeff Bezos should continue losing more money to maintain being the richest person in the world.
Crazy what dodging taxes will do to you.
I dunno. Putie may give him a run for his money.
I’m proud I was able to pay more taxes than, Jeff
Where do I have to look to see all the good he is doing in the world with all of his money? I never read anything good about these billionaires. They get rich and they stay rich.
He didn’t pay any taxes. So of course he’s still rich!
Billionaires are legalized criminals whom should be rounded up and made into paste.
How charitable is he?
Absolutely disgusting *buys something off amazon*
This is what is wrong with the world. There are people who have so much money they deciede what the rest of us will be doing in the future. Who deserves power like that?  Who is so Godly that they should determine the direction of humanity?  Here in lies the problem.
He should pay his taxes. However you cannot argue he has made a shit tonne of doe...... from all of us. He. Has. Earned. That. Money.
But what I dislike about amazon,is the treatment of there employees
He is a blood-sucking vampire who drains the blood of his employees, gives them minimum wage with no benefits. This is the reason he bought the Newspaper to fool people, to defuse the anger. In the insane bubble of Capitalism, he is considered as a God.
3 civilians killed 4 injured in car bomb blast in #Syria's northern al-Raqa. #Syrian
Who is this?
@JeffBezos I'm sure you get this all the time but can i borrow 500,000 dollars? I promise to pay you back
"Whoever among you wakes up secure in his property, healthy in his body, and he has his food for the day, it is as if he were given the entire world.”- Muhammad Gods Messenger
Which precisely why Trump despises him.  Envy. 🤢
Can he find it? Maybe he can check under his couch. I’ve lost a bunch of stuff under my couch
how much did he lose in his divorce settlement? maybe those numbers will be reflected in 2020.
I wish I can become rich just by being your namesake! Strange fantasy?
So you're saying a #WealthTax wouldn't destroy his livelihood
Eat Bezos.
White Priviledge !
And 24 billion to his wife in the divorce . What does one person need to do with all that money? It’s obnoxious
He worked hard to make Amazon what it is now and of course he has stocks in his own company. Stop vilifying him for being rich. It's Amazon, the company who should be heavily taxed for their profits, not Bezos
Did he pay any taxes?
Rich ass
He lost way more than 10 billion. The wife took over 30 billion. I'm not a mathematician but 10 plus 30 is not 10.
Disgusting! How much money does one person need? Bezos could do so much good helping others who need it. 🤦🏽‍♀️
I wonder if he will part with a $100 Trump donation to heal wounds?
Hate the game... not the player. Besides, lazy amazon buyers made him a billionaire.
Being a billionaire is gross.
Amazing what paying no tax does for you
But remember, like a good liberal hypocrite, Jeff Bezos still undercuts his employees' pay and avoids taxes at every opportunity so he can make even more billions.
The Rothchilds are much richer than he is by far.
Not paying taxes is sick, how is this USA rich ricjh rich pay less than a secretary in taxes
Sickening. Imagine what he could do with a fraction of that money for mankind. Poverty, homelessness, education...
Richest, and one of the most corrupt men in the world; but his exposure is coming.
No taxes.
Let’s eat him
Gross
Ugh
Maybe CNN should stop lying and tell everyone who the REAL richest family in the world is. ROTHCHILD'S The Rothchild's demand all media NOT include them in the "richest" list.  The Rothchild's have TRILLIONS.
#Yemen has released a number of captives from #Saudi Arabia
The world trust him,if you buy something from him,you never have to worry about losing your money
I'm sorry, but doesn't $10 billion also make it the most expensive Dick Pic in the history of mankind?
We are nothing more than a disease to people like bezos and other globalists.
Dems want his money so bad they can taste it, WORK HARDER earn it on your own! #Trump2020
OMG! What a loser!!
HES a Capricorn. Women will be his downfall. of his riches.
May he burn in hell
Why ?
Fuck it at least the #employee get #paid greed is what kills government and people sad but fact just know you made #kids #Christmas best because you #employed them but everyone different with so much money #fact
Tax the rich. Fuck Jeff Bezos
Annnnd who cares... with all that money 💰 why not help the homeless .. pathetic
How much does a hair transplant cost these days?
Bernie Sanders doesn’t pay shit in Taxes! If he pays between us 11-13% rate which is a lot less than the average manager for McDonald’s!
People that think Jeff Bezos doesn’t pay no taxes are complete morons! He has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes! The top 1% pay 90% of all the taxes in America
Come up with multi billion Dollar business model then me/you can afford to loose billions. Good for him!!
Iraqis have called on government to expel Americans from country. #Iraqi #IraqiProtests
Ten billion , God how is baldy going to survive
So what is he going to tell Pelosi to do? You know hes paying off the Dems to keep this impeachment hoax going.
He still looks like a rat!
@BillGates his name is escapes me but cool specialized 3d we've done the movies on the feed before correct bill ) jeff still chill
Rich people use the same porcelain I do...and what?
Who cares...
Hmm retrace your steps Ole Jeff. Where’d you last see your 10 billion? Maybe in the kitchen?
Who cares.
he sells garbage. Literally. It is the only profit area of the company. cnn is fake news
I'm sure Bezos and Amazon got the tax breaks. And the rich get richer. Fuck trump. “How could our system fail like this?” Fake election. Fake President.
Stop worrying about other people!!! Fucking jealous people!
Still? Even after the AUSCHWITZ themed Xmas ornaments? I hear over 14k families canceled Prime. I'd like to see a formal apology. Sure I miss shopping at @amazon but I'd rather not purchase from an anti-Semetic company.
Everybody wishes they were as rich as Bezos, especially democrats. So why do democrats hate rich people? I say ENVY. Yep, I'm right.
WHY Billionaire @JeffBezos gets Amazon tax break? Unfair any business providing jobs that Amazon gets preferential tax break bid!
Recap cnn new year broadcast
There is an article in The Hill Written by Liz peek today, I encourage Americans to read this article to get a grasp of the reality of our country
I went $12 over on my phone bill and felt like shit for a week.  Screw you, Jeff.
So the Democrats don’t care about real witnesses during this impeachment inquiry and trial they had a bunch of people with knowledge and assumptions The democrat senators running for president I’ve been wanting to impeach him since he was elected how can that be a neutral
Barack Obama will go down as the worst president in American history
President Clinton committed three crimes against America in the American people that is why he was impeached not because Republicans hated him but literally he broke the law

