Here comes the barrage of "unethical", "immoral", and "humans playing god" crap. It's absolutely an ethical and moral decision to cure debilitating diseases if we have the capacity to. Preemptively, single gene edits are not in the same league as changing skin / eye / hair color.
We do it with dogs and cats and horses and...and...and. we edit our food and it's awesome lol. I get the crazy extremes like you mentioned but logic dictates the positives outweight the negative. We expect society to have standards regardless
This isn't playing God, they not using science to create a animal that went extinct or using to create a whole new life form, they're using the knowledge God gave us to help better our fellow man (and women, some people are sensitive about that.)
What if I said we can already successfully treat sickle cell anemia?
This is hope for carriers of genetic disease. We could see cures in our lifetime.
Awesome but this is a rally cry for religious cults to cry foul. Its gonna be a fun time fighting that wealthy crowd. They have allowed humanity down so much over our history
We've got tornadoes and motor accidents for that.
How bout acute sloth?
Yessss!!!
Splendid.
Where do I sign up!
What is man, that thou art mindful of him?  and the son of man, that thou visitest him?  For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor.  Thank you, Lord for scientific inventions that help us to live abundantly.  Psalm 8.4,5
Science needs to ask less if they can do something and more if they should. Their playing with primal forces, the building blocks of life as if they were tinker toys.
Very good!!! Fantastic!!!
I got cured off bipolar and psoriasis and such by a top cure spell. There was a good chance I was gonna get 'cell. A good method of cure is carotene.
why are we trying to stop all of mother natures culling mechanisms?
Isn’t this how they made Indominus Rex in Jurassic World?
They developed one, but the religious right threw a fit about messing with "gods plan".
and cause how many new ones?
It will never go anywhere if people get a sense of some sort of greed based industry ever being a possibility. If it starts out as a profit industry, people will resist it. You don't want rich and powerful people having unfair and unnatural advantages. Of course I'll see if real.
For the betterment of all humanity, people will support this science. Everybody benefits
Science is the new religion
Can it fix my big nose?
*in extremely neolib voice* but how will we payyy for iiiiit??? *speeds off in expensive car I don't need*
Y'all not gonna be happy until we have the zombie apocalypse
They may have it in theory, but some other nonsense will happen. Haven’t they watched Jeff Blum talk about chaos theory?
That is good news! How much per treatment? 2 lifetimes?
The way God creates humans in the womb is in no way "defective". We are ALL fearfully and wonderfully made. Even those of us who do not conform to the "standards" of the fallible world view.
The problem is, which most liberal nutjobs won't understand. Is they won't stop at diseases. They will use this eventually to do more harm than good. And ultimately yes whether you want to believe in Him or Not. You cannot play God. God is our creator.
How about gender identity?
