im good with my powerbeats pro, no thanks
Pass.
I’ll pass
Still a NO from me. I prefer my Momentum True Wireless earbuds.
Like seriously?
As if they didn’t know this was a better design
The design of the old ones is much nicer
these are fucking ugly
like a couple of hair Look dryers! 
Looks like what Stuart Little uses for a hair dyer
lookin like a damn pea shooter tho
Actually find the current airpods to be very comfortable.
Anyone who gets these are IDIOTS!! already did this for way less AND more comfortable,  plus they stay in your ears even when jumping rope. 
These hard ear buds hurt my ears, I use the soft ones, comfort over clarity for me
Not worth it. Uncomfortable and musically they suck.
If I pay ten bucks more can they actually fit my ears?
WoW... they cost more than my phone? Amazing.
That’s what an iPhone used to cost a few years ago, crazy
My cell phone didn't cost that much.
They cost more AND they do the stuff the first version should have already done? Sign me up!
Unless there's some software inside the Apple OS that limits people to using their own brand ear buds these are super over priced.
250 dollars? Are they are crack? Lmao
they really charging $100 extra dollars for ear cushions.
Ruin your hearing, look like a dork, and throw away $250 all in one go
Hilarious! Who ever buys these pods has too much money to blow.
Cause we make more money now? Not
This is where the reparations money is going towards. #SMHN
Wait, the 'cheaper' ones don't even have noise cancellation?
$249 just for noise cancellation. Will use the older design at a quiet setting. Thanks
Can’t be noise canceling if they don’t cover the entire ear.....
Noise Cancellation...Perfect for running in traffic.
Imagining paying £200 for earphones loooooool
Earphones*
It’s proven headphones are better than earphones so #BeatsbyDre over AirPods any day errday
You can buy a pair of Sony in ear ones for £40/$52
so scared of losing them while walking..
for pods that can still fall out of my ear and go missing or get crushed 250$
Great Bc i just lost my airpods lmao
If only they can connect them together somehow so you won’t lose them lol
I use Redmi, got them for 20 bucks, don't hurt my ears and sound is great.  They stay charged for days.  Yea you can keep it Apple.  250, insane!
I’m good with my $30 wireless headphones.
Go right on amazon and get the same level of headphones for $30 or $40
If I’m gonna pay this price tag I’ll fck around and get the newer beats. And I wouldn’t pay that much for those.
lol. you can get great ones for $40 on Amazon...
Do they still not have buttons or touch gestures? lmao No thanks I'll stick with my Jabra Elite which does more.
All we want is a different color
But they still don’t come in any other color besides white
Yeah but making the ISIS leader a nice guy is far more important to CNN....
Let me guess. Apple is a sponsor of your fake news programs.
cnn doing puff marketing pieces instead of news is a great way to expand the brand
You dont report you advertise.Every story is about how you feel and not about facts. Those are advertisements for your opinions.. Ignorance is strength 
Apple fucking sucks since Jobbs died, Make Apple not suck again
Apple can misbehave, they’ll not allow us to finish enjoying the first one , which one is airpod pro ?will I hear the sound of heaven’s trumpet with it? Lol
Apple cult users will buy them. Why? Who knows.
Diehard #Apple fans here. Almost full Apple environment! Last May hubby’s silicone headphone piece came off in his ear on a flight! I had tweezers so got it out but seriously nothing is going in our ears again! We bought the @Bose noise canceling over the ear ones.
And yet Apple cannot make a lightning cord that doesn't come apart at the end.  Well they could but it would  cut into its replacement revenue stream
I read an article that discussed how the standard AirPods weren’t made to last on purpose. They’ve used glue to seal them, so that the battery can’t be changed without destroying them. Apple has gotta cut the shit.
AirPods are good but I need someone with good  to listen to this... 
they blow up theyre dangerous dont buy airpods
If you have wireless headphones (like these AirPods) then yes you can charge your phone and listen to headphones
Why would I want this??? I love my current pair of AirPods and I would rather have these than the “new” ones
Couldn't love my AirPods more... but any chance the upgrades will hold a charge longer?
Can you still not charge your phone and listen to headphones? No? Then im not buying another iPhone. lost this customer
Who would have ever thought a headphone jack and replaceable battery would be sought after features in an electronic consumer device...
Official monthly minimum wage in Turkey is about $ 335 and one may get even less !
Blind test against a $50 pair and they won't even win.
Insurance on them runs another $84.95.
When will l get such an amount to buy that ? Hope to just one day when the time is due
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That’s why it’s called the present..
But can ppl tell these are the high end model when you have them in the ears? If you can’t tell the difference for the clout there’s no point in getting these
And the sheep will pay
Jokers .Looking for ways to rip us off

